o  join of states ... example:
   - input: empty | 1 node | SLS 0+ | SLS 1+
   - output: SLS 0+

o  explicit initializers of gl variables are completely ignored at the moment

o  symstate: proper comparison of Neq and EqIf predicates (it will require to
   extend the interface of SymHeap if we want to do it enough efficiently)

o FIXME:
  - test0077b: outcast via an incompatible structure; leads to somehow corrupted
    ghost structure in which a "field" edge is strangely replaced by a "pointsTo"
    arc which does not make sense in the given context.

    kdudka: Looks rather as symplot (or even dot) issue, the result seems sane.
    Basically we are not able to plot clusters that have a common subgraph with
    each other.

  - jonathan-DLL.c: announces junk, which should not appear.

    kdudka: Nope, the result is more perfect than one would expect to get.  We
    should probably give no go to all examples like that by default.  It
    completely ignores the OOM state.  The first reported error is 'dereference
    of NULL value', which really happens as soon as OOM shows up.  The detected
    junk is only a consequence of the _broken_ example.  Once it's not able to
    build the list (we have no allocated memory to store the pointer to), it
    _has_ to leak, as long as we allow the recovery of the invalid dereference
    that happened a while before.

    However, we already have a way to ignore the OOM state, if the user really
    wish to do so.  Please consider running the plug-in with the following
    option: -fplugin-arg-libsl-symexec-args=fast

  - jonathan-skip-list.c: no way for us to manage, but the tool completely crashes,
    which should not happen (dealing with structures such as skip lists is 
    a challenge---of course, the solution should be reasonably general).

    kdudka: s/completely crashes/jumps to a debugger/

    It's easy for us to place there some fancy error message instead of the
    breakpoint, however not that easy to handle the test-case properly :-/
